Update readme with action configuration details (#61)
paritytech/pr-custom-review: README.md

### Action configuration <a name="action-configuration"></a>

The configuration file should be placed in `.github/pr-custom-review.yml`

The configuration file is always read from the repository's default branch. For this reason it's recommended to commit the configuration file **before** the action's workflow file is added, otherwise the action will fail with `RequestError [HttpError]: Not Found` because the configuration does not yet exist in the default branch.
```
ERROR:  RequestError [HttpError]: Not Found

> ```

Reviewer: Oops my bad, I forgot to delete this block as part of my suggestion.

This block should not be needed because the error is already mentioned in the explanation above.

After that, I think it's good to go!

Author: Thanks. Commited

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

### Action configuration <a name="action-configuration"></a>

The configuration file should be placed in `.github/pr-custom-review.yml`

> (related to [built-in checks](#built-in-checks)). This should be done in separate PR
> before placing pr-custom-review action's workflow file. Otherwise action will not be
> able to detect it in PR's base branch and action will fail with error:

Reviewer: I would put it in another paragraph

```suggestion

The configuration file is always read from the repository's default branch. For this reason it's recommended to commit the configuration file **before** the action's workflow file is added, otherwise the action will fail with `RequestError [HttpError]: Not Found` because the configuration does not yet exist in the default branch.
```
